emu.getdir: D:\fceux\ .. string
emu.lagged: false .. boolean
emu.readonly: true .. boolean
emu.getscreenpixel: 0 .. number
emu.emulating: true .. boolean
emu.lagcount: 0 .. number
emu.addgamegenie: true .. boolean
emu.framecount: 33530 .. number
emu.paused: false .. boolean
emu.delgamegenie: true .. boolean
emu.exec_count: 0 .. number
rom.writebyte: 15 .. number
rom.readbyte: 15 .. number
rom.readbyteunsigned: 15 .. number
rom.readbytesigned: 15 .. number
rom.gethash: c554c5b9c42b1d64dafb98227bcda14f .. string



loadrom: nil
exec_time: BUGGED
registerexit: nil
lagged: bool
readonly: bool
lagcount: num
unpause: nil
print: nil
getscreenpixel: 0 number
message: nil
getdir: string "D:\fceux\"
setlagflag: nil
registerafter: nil
setrenderplanes: nil
setreadonly: nil
emulating: bool
registerbefore: nil
addgamegenie: bool
frameadvance: nil
poweron: nil
framecount: 33530 number
speedmode: nil
delgamegenie: bool
exec_count: number
softreset: nil
pause: nil
paused: bool

writebyte: number (written)
readbyte: number
gethash: string
readbytesigned: number
readbyteunsigned: number
